Do you have a Dencor energy management system and it is making you frustrated?  Well you've come to the right place.  NOTE: This is only compatible with the SC800 energy management system.  
Lets go over the things you will need:
you will need a Lego WeDo (R) motor.  Also the hub obviously. 
You will also need a webcam that is at least somewhat high quality.
(I'm using the Logitech C920 webcam).  There's no need to install the Logitech Webcam Software, because you will be using a computer you don't care much about. System requirements:
40 GB hard drive
512 MB RAM (preferably more)
A somewhat good graphics card
at least four USB ports
2.75 GHz processor (2.5 is ok)
XP or later (whatever scratch is compatible with, scratch could change to where it isn't compatible with XP). 

------------------
SET UP THE COMPUTER
Time to get out to that garage and find that old computer.  It needs to be working, though. Plug in the computer and turn it on.  If scratch has a hard time running, you may need to delete files off that computer.  If you still can't run it very well, you may just need to uninstall everything except for scratch. Your browser can stay as well.  Install the Scatch 2 Offline editor if you haven't already.  When you go into this project, you need to go to file>Download to your computer if you haven't already.  Do this on the online editor, not on the offline editor in case you were wondering.  Open this project in the offline editor.  Don't start it yet, though. We still need to build the motor assembly.  Preferably do this on the computer you are reading these instructions on.. do this on your computer you are reading these instructions on.  Download the Lego Digital Designer.  It can be downloaded here: http://cache.lego.com/downloads/ldd2.0/installer/setupLDD-PC-4_3_8.exe.  Download size is 215MB.  Additional approximate 400MB download required after installation.  After you have installed the lego digital designer, you will need to download this file here, that explains what you need to build in order to make it work.  Download the Lego model here: kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender .  Then you will need to click on demand.lxf to download it.  Note that the instructions are not accurate and you may have to improvise.  As the model in there, does not work the best and will need something to hold it in place because when it shifts, it does not adjust the demand correctly.  If this is the case, then you will need to go into the project and you will need to adjust these blocks.
set motor power to 40
turn motor on for 0.3 secs
turn motor off.
Adjust these until it is prefect for that particular one.  Also, there are multiple of these scripts in different sprites.  You will need to adjust them all.  
Your demand energy management system number adjustment part might have different distances between numbers.  If that's the case, then follow these steps:

Lets say is a smaller distance between 1 and 2 than there is 2 and 3.
if KW demand = 1. Insert that into the turning up the demand script. 
Keep playing around with the numbers until it is perfect no matter how high you turn it up.  Need to turn it up to test but want to prevent charges?  Simple, Do NOT do it on: Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Chritmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Day, or Independence Day, Saturday or Sunday, weekdays 1-3 PM, weekdays 4-7 PM. Also only do it between 15 minute logging periods, for example, it's 10:33 AM and you're about to do it, wait until closer to 10:37 or 10:38
as this will ensure that it doesn't log because it logs every 15, 30, 45 and 'o' clock of the hour.  If you need help with it not adjusting correctly, you can post something in the comments and let me know
what you need help with.  Make sure to monitor it for about week and see if it is doing the job right.  Remember that you don't want to rely solely on this program, you do not need to watch it all the time.  Just look after it every so often.  Let's say you're going on a trip somewhere and you'll be leaving the house for an extended period of time.  Follow these steps:
1. Set the demand to a good level
2. Unplug the Lego motor from your computer or turn off your computer.  You can only do this currently because soon I will have something that remembers the average power consumed based on what the KW demand was at, and will tell you at the end of the month.  It does not include over-the-limits. 
... Due to it only 
Also here are some pictures of the model, I was not able to get the motor and the gears in the digital designer for some reason. 
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-1.JPG
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-2.JPG
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-3.JPG
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-4.JPG
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-5.JPG
In image 5 for demand attender it is a top perspective
kilgorei.pairserver.com/demand-attender/demand-6.JPG
in 6 it is a front side perspective, it is clamped.  